Add a helm chart version with some backed rules (#102)
giantswarm/kubernetes-prometheus: helm/README.md

# Prometheus

> An opinionated [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) Helm chart for deployment in Giant Swarm clusters.

Reviewer: Can we add that this is based off of upstream stable chart or so, we should give credit

Author: done in the bottom

> Here it is a new opinionated [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) recipe thought to be deployed in the Giant Swarm tenant clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An opinionated [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) Helm chart for deployment in Giant Swarm clusters.
```

## Prerequisites

> - Kubernetes 1.3+ with Beta APIs enabled

Reviewer 2: Beta APIs?

Author: Copied from the original stable chart. I guess at that time you needed beta api gates

- [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart:

```console

> $ helm install ./helm --name prometheus

Reviewer: should we change `prometheus` to `my-prometheus` to show that you can use your own naming here?

Author: good idea

> $ helm install ./helm --name prometheus

Author: ```suggestion
$ helm install ./helm --name my-prometheus
```

```

The command deploys Prometheus on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the deployment:

```console

> $ helm delete prometheus --purge

Author: ```suggestion
$ helm delete my-prometheus --purge
```

> $ helm delete prometheus

Reviewer 2: Do we want `--purge` here as well?

`serviceAccounts.pushgateway.create` | If true, create the pushgateway service account | `true`
`serviceAccounts.pushgateway.name` | name of the pushgateway service account to use or create | `{{ prometheus.pushgateway.fullname }}`
`serviceAccounts.server.create` | If true, create the server service account | `true`
`serviceAccounts.server.name` | name of the server service account to use or create | `{{ prometheus.server.fullname }}`
`server.terminationGracePeriodSeconds` | Prometheus server Pod termination grace period | `300`
`server.retention` | (optional) Prometheus data retention | `""`
`serverFiles.alerts` | Prometheus server alerts configuration | `{}`
`serverFiles.rules` | Prometheus server rules configuration | `{}`
`serverFiles.prometheus.yml` | Prometheus server scrape configuration | example configuration
`extraScrapeConfigs` | Prometheus server additional scrape configuration | ""
`networkPolicy.enabled` | Enable NetworkPolicy | `false` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console

> $ helm install ./helm --name prometheus \

Author: ```suggestion
$ helm install ./helm --name my-prometheus \
```

> $ helm install stable/prometheus --name prometheus \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ helm install ./helm --name prometheus \
```

    --set server.terminationGracePeriodSeconds=360
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console

> $ helm install stable/prometheus --name prometheus -f values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ helm install ./helm --name prometheus -f values.yaml
```

```

Include the secret's name, along with the desired hostnames, in the alertmanager/server Ingress TLS section of your custom `values.yaml` file:

```yaml
server:
  ingress:
    ## If true, Prometheus server Ingress will be created
    ##
    enabled: true

    ## Prometheus server Ingress hostnames
    ## Must be provided if Ingress is enabled
    ##
    hosts:
      - prometheus.domain.com

    ## Prometheus server Ingress TLS configuration
    ## Secrets must be manually created in the namespace
    ##
    tls:
      - secretName: prometheus-server-tls
        hosts:
          - prometheus.domain.com
```

### NetworkPolicy

Enabling Network Policy for Prometheus will secure connections to Alert Manager
and Kube State Metrics by only accepting connections from Prometheus Server.
All inbound connections to Prometheus Server are still allowed.

To enable network policy for Prometheus, install a networking plugin that
implements the Kubernetes NetworkPolicy spec, and set `networkPolicy.enabled` to true.

If NetworkPolicy is enabled for Prometheus' scrape targets, you may also need
to manually create a networkpolicy which allows it.

> __Note__: This chart configuration is highly influences by the [community one](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/prometheus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note__: This chart is based off of the [upstream community chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/prometheus).
```
